As far as studying abroad goes, I'm a STEM major and it was one of the
best experiences of my life. I went to Japan when I was in undergrad,
and I went to Japan again when I was a gradute student. I also went
to Mexico when I was in community college, and those three moments
stick out like sore thumbs when I think about my college careers.
That being said, so Mexico helped me because it was on my way to being
a transfer student. But did going to Japan help me with my Berkeley
career? Well, when I went there none of the classes counted towards
completion of my degree, so people would say, well no, what a waste
of time right? But number one the classes that I took were computer
science based. Well one was science and technology in Japan and the
other was a C++ class and coding concepts and you know none of those
had anything to do with like making me closer to graduation, but
they improve myself as a person. But more than that, college is not
just about getting that degree and the fastest way there, it's about
developing yourself as a person, and even if I went to Japan just
to study flowers and do bonsai cutting, I'm pretty sure that that situation
would make me a better person later on down the route. You might
remember Steve Jobs, he was the CEO of Apple, and he said that
taking caligraphy classes helped him so much later on in his future
career as a computer science businessman. So I think studying abroad
is one of those experiences that you can have that really develops
you as a person.